.. Sphinx Example Project documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Oct 25 09:18:20 2016.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Source Control Integrated Issue Tracker (SCIIT)
===============================================

Description
-----------

Current state of the art software project issue tracking tools, such as
GitHub, GitLab, JIRA and Trac store issues separately from the version
control repository that contains the projectâ€™s source code. This creates
*friction*, because software developers must remember to keep both the
issue tracker and the version control repository up to date as progress
is made on completing tasks. The aim of this project is to develop a
system for managing issues that are stored within the source code of the
version repository. This has a number of advantages for eliminating
friction:

-  The package that an issue refers to can be identified implicitly, by
   storing the issue in the most relevant sub-directory of the code
   base.
-  The assignee for an issue can be identified based on who is making
   commits to a repository.
-  Implicit links can be identified between source code affected by an
   issue, if both the issue and the source code are altered in a single
   change set.
-  Comments on issues can be automatically recovered from the version
   control log.

Objectives
----------

The aim of this project is to develop a demonstrator application or
plugin for existing software project management tools that allow issues
to be managed *within* a version control repository rather than as a
separate database.

Instructions
============

This application manages software development issues within your git
repository. It is structured as a Python command line applications.

Usage
-----

To use the application you can create your issues anywhere in your
source code as block comments in a particular format and it will become
a trackable versioned object within your git environment. Operations
done with git will run git sciit in the background in order to automate
issue tracking for you.

An example of a recommended style for Java:

.. code:: java

       /*
       * @issue Eg: The title of your issue
       * @description:
       *   A description of an issue as you
       *   want it to be even with markdown supported
       * @issue_assigned to nystrome, kevin, daniels
       * @due date 12 oct 2018
       * @label in-development
       * @weight 4
       * @priority high
       *
       */

More styles and supported files can be found in :ref:`styles_toplevel`.

Cheat sheet of commands can be found in :ref:`cheatsheet_toplevel`.

Installation
============

Situation before installation:

::

   $ git sciit
   git: 'sciit' is not a git command. See 'git --help'.

Installation via pip:

::

   $ pip install sciit

Installation right from the source tree:

::

   $ python setup.py install

Now, the ``git sciit`` command is available::

::

   $ git sciit

On Unix-like systems, the installation places a ``git-sciit`` script
into a centralised ``bin`` directory, which should be in your ``PATH``.

On Windows, ``git-sciit.exe`` is placed into a centralised ``Scripts``
directory which should also be in your ``PATH``.


Contents
========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4
   
   API Documentation <api/modules.rst>
   cheatsheet.rst
   styles.rst
   changelog.rst


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`search`

Fork this project
==================

* https://gitlab.com/nystrome/sciit
